On a suuny day, you and Mary are out at a beach...
I'm sorry, but I'm looking for somebody a bit more brave and helpful. Somebody who faces his fears head on and help somebody out.
I...
I don't want to hear from you anymore!
I'm sorry. I just don't feel excited by this relationship anymore.
You sat down, looking defeated.
You are walking on the street after dinner and saw your firend Harold
Is everything okay?
I'm afraid not.
What's wrong?
 It's ... a crazy person ... I saw a crazy person eating a bunch of people!
What?!
That's horrible!
You are such a coward!
Did you remember what Mary said to you?
Mary...Right, she likes people that are brave...
You are right. We've got to do something.
Yes, I agree.
but I don't know where to start.
You can start by teling me where it happened
I'm not sure I want to go back there.
Come on, we've got to do something.
where did it happen?
It was in the park! Thats where I saw it!
Let's go there!
You and Harold began to run.
Haha, who else can I eat
You, closely followed by Harold, rushes towards Maud, but suddenly stops in her tracks.
What is it? What's wrong?
That's not just any crazy perosn, that's Maud Pitt!
Who's Maud Pitt?
Who's Maud Pitt? Who's Maud Pitt? The most evil person in the world!
We're going to need some help if we're going to stop the most evil perosn in the universe!
Hey, we meet again!
You've met?
Yes, it was a long, long tiem ago.
He's a game enthusiast...
I really wanted to make my own visual novel, but I can't draw...
You should really try and attend some drawing lessons
I don't have the money and time for that
I wish I could draw when I was born...
I tried to learn by my own, but it doesn't work
I tried really hard. But I just can't draw... I can't draw!!!
WHYYYYYYY
I can't draw back then; I can't draw right now...
I tried drawing for 20 years, but I still can't draw...
I'm such a useless person
I really want to create my own game...
I can't control myself from eating people when I get frustrated...
Well... but...
You may have failed back them, but you won't right now!
You can fulfill your dream now, with AI!
You can use AI to draw for you!
AI? Haugh, I don't believe in that!
The drawing must be weird and crappy!
No, it's not!
I've seen it myself!
You should defininately try it!
Let me show you!
You showed Maud this game
Look! The pictures of the game we are in are all made by AI! AI paintings are brilliant! Making visual novels nowadays might not require drawing skills anymore!
Holy... I can't believe this! I think I can make my own game now!
Absolutely can! Let's calm down, get home, and make your game!
that's a great idea!
Let's go!
One day you are waling on the beach, and suddenly you see Mary.
Heyyyyyyy
Is it true? Did you just help and stop Maud?
Is everyone safe now?
Well...it does seem that way!
I'm really sorry what I said before. I was just being selfish.
I'm really glad you helped Maud.
You are such a brave and helpful person!
You're my hero!
YOU SAVED THE WORLD
THE END
Well... that's the truth.
You should accept the truth -- you can't draw; you can't make your own game.
Forget it and have another dream instead
NOOOOOOOO!!!!
I can't accept this!
It's not possible...
I can't be a useless person...
I can't be a failure...
It can't be...
AAAAAAHHHHH
MAUD WENT CRAZY AND ATE YOU
YOU DIED AND THE WORLD IS IN DANGER
THE END
After knwoing AI Drawing, Maud began to made his game.
However, Maud found some problems...
Look at problems Maud encountered:
Why is this thing so difficult to use?
I need to read through pages and pages of manuals to use it properly!
That's horrible...
When Maud can finally being able to start and use it...
Oh no...
I still need to remember all the commands and keywords...
that is another pages of manuals to read...
Maud is at the edge of getting crazy again...
Continue to explore:
Finally... I can start to draw my own picture!
Let me start by drawing one person jumping on the street happily!
Maud typed in "one person happily jumping on the street in the morning"
Around 20 seconds later...
Why my picture quality is so bad?
The person is there stories tall!
The face is so ugly!
And the the picture is so blurry... I can barely use it for my visual novel!
Maud is at the edge of getting crazy again...
Continue to explore:
Finally... I finished drawing all my pictures via AI!
Maud's game is ready to be published...
However, Maud start to find controversies around AI Drawings...
Oh no...
There are people protesting against AI Drawings because they think AI is stealing their work
people says AI drawings are trained based on other people's drawings without seeking for authorization before using them...
Should I use them in my game?
Unfortunately, no one can ansewer Maud's question at this moment as there are still a lot of controversies around this issue
Maud is at the edge of getting crazy again...
Continue to explore:
Some of my last thoughts...
Sorry for the dump plot, maybe poor choice of music, and any errors you've encountered. This is my first time making a visual novel.
What happened to Maud is what I encountered when I create this game.
But it made me realized how fast AI is evolving -- AI paintings are not usable at all when I'm doing my project 1...
And let's not forget is that the need of visual novels made AI drawing avaliable, it is games that made the world inventing innovative things; games are reshaping the world!
There are certainly many problems with AI Drawing, but I still think it is a good tool to help, especially for those like me who is poor at drawing
Thank you for watching
See some benefits of AI Drawing:
Chose one to explore
Drawing used to be a labor intensive job in the past -- you need to draw every single picture by yourself which is time consuming and expensive.
Also, drawing skills might have stopped many enthusiasts from creating their own visual novel (like maud).
With this new technology, theoretically, in the future, anyone with a plot in their minds can create their own visual novel without drawing skills.
Meanwhile, drawers can use AI to increase their drawing speed as well as providing inspirations.
See other benefits of AI Drawing:
AI Drawing can be used in many other aspects, other than creating a visual novel for entertainment (although it is why AI drawing is created).
As it is proven that more interative or less rigid ways of learning can help people learn better, AI drawings can help.
Teachers can instead of using boring slides that shows white backgournd and black print, but use AI drawings to enhance their presentations.
Moreover, teachers potentially can transfer their contents in to a story and use AI drawings to create a visual novel to help students learn better.
Students, on the other hand, can use AI drawings to create their projects, for example, creating a game to demonstrate their knowledge, which will make projects more fun to make. (AI coding is also potentially a very good tool to help students and teachers to build their games/novels, but that's another story.)
See other benefits of AI Drawing:
